PRO MIDI FILES (PMF) END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

By purchasing or downloading MIDI files from www.promidifiles.com you accept this license agreement and all the terms put forth.

All of the MIDI files provided by PMF are licensed, not sold to you for use in music productions only. We reserve any other rights not explicitly granted to you. Unlawful copying, duplicating, selling, lending, renting, hiring, broadcasting, uploading or downloading to any database, newsgroups, servers, computers, file sharing services or other illicit distribution of our files is strictly forbidden. Each purchase comes with a single user license, which is non-transferable. Any infringement of this license will be pursued to the fullest extent of international law.

All MIDI files are provided royalty-free. You may use the MIDI files within your compositions for both commercial and non-commercial use.

The licensor (PMF) will not be held responsible if the MIDI files do not fit the particular purpose of the licensee (you). The MIDI files are licensed "as is” without warranties of any kind. The licensor cannot be held responsible for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of any MIDI files licensed from PMF in whatever form. The licensor cannot be held responsible for any and all infringements that may arise from the use of the MIDI files within the licensee’s musical compositions and productions.

Use of our MIDI files in isolation such as, but not limited to, video game soundtracks, gaming machines, and mobile phone applications is not permitted. Our MIDI files may not be used both individually and in combination with other MIDI files to produce and fill MIDI libraries released by competing companies.

You may use the MIDI files in compositions such as, making demos, songs, albums, records, remixes, commercials, jingles, post productions, commissioned pieces, soundtracks for film, theatre, musicals, production music libraries, TV, and live performances.

You cannot trade, resell, lend, copy, duplicate, upload or download to any database, servers, file sharing service any PMF MIDI files. The licensor only grants the MIDI files to a single user.

Your purchase is non-transferable under the terms of this license agreement. You cannot sell any MIDI files second hand, and by the same logic, you cannot purchase any PMF MIDI files second hand and use them in your music compositions or productions.

Completing the purchase of any PMF product, or downloading free MIDI files from www.promidifiles.com means acceptance of all the terms contained in this license agreement.